The decompose transform supports MCMs and Conditionals (#8145)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  Array([ 3.14159265, -1.57079633], dtype=float64)
  ```

> * The :func:`~.transforms.decompose` transform is now able to decompose a classically controlled operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The :func:`~.transforms.decompose` transform is now able to decompose classically controlled operations.
```
